hello my name is jacques 10 rue ben
I am a cabinetmaker and today I am going
show you a technique to strip
quickly waxed varnished woods for
realize this stripping I will use a
stripper called stripper
American there is also another
similar remover called the
stripper she who has that pretty much
the same effects
concerning the safety rules for
the use of this product
an important note this product is
a product rather dangerous than healy
recognizable by his pictograms x is
harmful is a product if it is bad
employee or if we do not put the
adapted protections can outright
poisoned concerning the elements of
personal protection must be worn
rubber gloves fit the heard
apron and goggles
for the eyes in case of projection for
apply the product on treated wood
we have several possibilities either
we use a brush or we use a
spray
today I'm going to use the
spray technique so game
take the original container I pour
product in the spray bottle
so small clarification regarding the
spray
you have to use a calf
vaporizer suitable for use with
products if they dilute incident and so
right now
so the tools that I 'm going to use
to treat this piece of wood so a
sprayer filled American stripper
of small spatula of bodybuilders and
gex do not use steel wool
to prevent metal fibers
remain trapped in the wood for
product application
I will go over the entire surface of the
product wood
using the vaporizer apply the
produced on the entire surface of the wood
treated and let's act a few
minutes so that a
a kind of little crust cracked in
surface and there it's time to spend the
spatula to unhook the old layer
varnish
so after removing the group from the
varnish we can iron a small
layer of american dca fist let
act a few minutes and we'll finish
with the last jex blow of spatula for
still remove the bulk of the varnish that
can stay on the surface and after finishing
with the jex so that's a double
advantage it removes the small ones
traces of varnish that could stay there
and in addition to Seychelles a little bit
wood of course we see of course the jex
the traces of residual varnish that we have
removed from the wooden board
this is our small stripping board
accuracy brought the American stripper
do not stain the woods and are not born
does not require rinsing with water
you know now command cap and
efficiently and quickly a lath of
wood
wooden slats and now
able to receive sanding and a
finishing either to niçois syria
and